README.md, before:

# Nicole Lopez | Portfolio Site Code
- **Portfolio Site:** [https://nmlopez.com/](https://nmlopez.com/)
- **LinkedIn:** [/nmlopez360](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nmlopez360/)
- **Instagram:** [@nmlopez360](https://www.instagram.com/nmlopez360/)
- **Resume:** [my resume](https://nmlopez.com/documents/NicoleLopez_Resume.pdf)

## Introduction
Hi, I'm **Nicole Lopez**!
I am a UI & Interactive Designer who aims to spread happiness through design :^)

I'm currently a a 4th year New Media Design student with minors in Game Design and the Japanese Language at Rochester Institute of Technology, and I will be graduating in May 2021. I'm currently searching for a full-time position in a design field starting in summer 2021!

Whether it’s logos, posters, animations, websites, applications, or games, I have a strong passion to design. My main goal is to create designs that make people happy! In other words, I want to design things that bring enjoyment to others by making things more usable, making things more fun, and of course, making things look more beautiful.

To be honest, I’m a little shy, but once you get to know me, I’m actually a bit of a nerd. I love playing video games and watching Japanese anime. I also enjoy singing songs in both English and Japanese, so I’m always down for a karaoke party!

>Thank you for viewing my portfolio site code! :D

Commit message:

Entire Website Redesign
I changed just about everything on my site! Let's see how it goes :)

README.md, after:

# Nicole Lopez | Portfolio Site Code
- **Portfolio Site:** [https://nmlopez.com/](https://nmlopez.design/)
- **LinkedIn:** [/nmlopez360](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nmlopez360/)
- **Instagram:** [@nmlopez360](https://www.instagram.com/nmlopez360/)
- **Resume:** [my resume](https://nmlopez.design/documents/NicoleLopez_Resume.pdf)

## Introduction
Hi, I'm **Nicole Lopez**!
I am a Visual & Interactive Designer who aims to spread happiness through design!

I'm a recent graduate of Rochester Institute of Technology and I majored in New Media Design student with minors in Game Design and the Japanese Language. I'm currently searching for a full-time position in a design field starting in summer or fall 2021!

Whether it’s logos, posters, animations, websites, applications, or games, I have a strong passion to design. My main goal is to create designs that make people happy! In other words, I want to design things that bring enjoyment to others by making things more usable, making things more fun, and of course, making things look more beautiful.

I designed and coded my entire website by hand (or should I say mouse and keyboard)!

>Thank you for viewing my portfolio site code! :D
